technology the thing that will
eventually make television so high-def I
will no longer be allowed to appear on
it and and I want to approach this
subject carefully because discussions of
any new technology tend to age very
badly as this news report from less than
five years ago shows the first users of
Google Glasses surely will not be the
last
I think it'll end up changing our
lifestyles you know changing the way we
interact with each other and just
changing the gesture instead of this it
will be that yeah it wasn't though it
was not that because for some reason
people didn't mind doing this with their
hands if the alternative was wearing a
stupid robot on their face all day the
point is it is dangerous to make
predictions about where tech is going so
that said tonight we're going to talk
about crypto currencies everything you
don't understand about money
combined with everything you don't
understand about computers the main
currency you've probably heard about is
Bitcoin it's been all over the news
because last year its value exploded
from around $1,000 at the beginning of
the year to 9,000 by November to nearly
20,000 by December Bitcoin became such a
hot topic that paparazzi started asking
celebrities about it what Michael Keaton
leaving a restaurant hey would you
recommend buying Bitcoin you know what's
funny I was just I got two different one
guy said yeah you probably want to
another friend of I said
not like it's a bad thing they just
don't know where it's gonna go
I'm gonna say you do not expect
conversations with paparazzi to be so
nuanced hey cardi B what are your
thoughts on the idea of universal basic
income well it could go a long way to
reducing inequality but I don't think
the American people would support the
tax increase necessary to fund it you
can read all about it in my book card
anomic s-- making Marnie Buddhist for a
new American Century and this this was a
traumatic shift it was just a few years
ago you'd only hear about Bitcoin from
that one guy in your office who wouldn't
shut up about it let's call him Dan and
the reason that we're calling him Dan is
that Dan is the exact guy in our office
who's been annoying everybody with his
you've got to get into Bitcoin for
years this is why we hate dad it's
honestly not the only reason but it's
the easiest one to bring up right now
the point is lately more and more normal
people or non Dan's have been getting
into crypto currencies partly because
they may have seen stories like this
Dylan Fein is living the dream had their
Mitsubishi Eclipse my windows didn't
work my AC didn't work right I had to
open my doors just to get food at the
drive-through everything changed when he
met a friend who introduced him to
Bitcoin
I turned 350 dollars into 12,000 he
became a millionaire at 24 all by
investing in Bitcoin I can literally put
in a trade wait a few hours let the
exchange rate fluctuate and I'm actually
able to profit from the world's largest
financial market in the world yes that
man is apparently a millionaire now
which is presumably why he's being
interviewed on the most expensive
outdoor swamp log in South Florida and
despite the fact that Bitcoin has
dropped by nearly half since the start
of this year there is still a
cryptocurrency fervour going on with
people watching people like that guy get
rich or hearing about others on reddit
or Twitter and feeling driven to invest
in crypto due to FOMO or fear of missing
out now FOMO is a term that many of you
probably already knew about but I'm 40
years old British and oblivious or Theo
BOE so so with all this excitement and
curiosity we thought we'd try and
explain a few things tonight Bitcoin
blockchain the technology that allows it
to exist
crypto currencies in general and I'm
going to be simplify things a lot here
so let's start with Bitcoin which is a
digital decentralized currency that
basically means Bitcoin only exists as
computer code and there is no bank or
government creating or controlling it I
know that this is already a little hard
to understand so I'll let this man in a
Bitcoin suit give you a surprisingly
decent explanation I'm a virtual
currency worldwide you can send for
little to no fees open source not
controlled by any government corporation
or individual financial freedom bro
thanks bro that is a nuanced and
accurate explanation of a complex topic
delivered with the help of a man in a
stupid costume and I would love to make
fun of that except it's literally the
entire business model of this
television show I know you you may at
this point be thinking but wait how do
you make money from Bitcoin to which Dan
would say he just traded on exchanges
like any other currency and if you then
asked well how does it have value Dan
would reply how does any money have
value man and then he'd say call me the
brain for later because I just blew your
mind to which you'd say forget I
asked Dan you're absolutely gross I hate
you but the problem is Dan is kind of
right
like most currencies the fundamental
reason the Bitcoin has value is because
people agree that it has value in fact
at the moment it's really being treated
more like a speculative investment than
a currency think of it like beanie
babies why is this beanie baby currently
being offered for sale on Etsy at a
price of $15,000 well because its owner
thinks that someone will pay that for it
and you know what that owner was
absolutely right I'm kidding I'm kidding
I'm kidding I just bought this at a yard
sale for ten thousand dollars I'm not a
complete idiot
look what well a Bitcoin is very
interesting as a concept there are still
some complicated technical issues to
work out before it can become a useable
everyday currency just look what
happened in January
hundreds are in Miami this week for a
Bitcoin conference but it had to stop
taking Bitcoin as a payment
tickets last week suggesting there are
still some kinks to work out with the
currency it's true a Bitcoin conference
stopped taking Bitcoin which is a red
flag since that's the one place you'd
think it would be accepted it's like
when I tried to pay for access to the
Republican National Convention using
Ronald Reagan's dusty skeleton boats
everyone there agreed they had value
there just wasn't an adequate network in
place for the completion of our
transaction but where the Bitcoin
catches on or not many people believe
that the really exciting thing about it
is the potential of the innovative
technology that it's built on and that's
something called blockchain now normally
if I wanted to send money to someone
across the world a bank would need to
verify that transaction and it could
take days but with Bitcoin it is vastly
faster because no Bank is involved and
that is because blockchain technology
allows a record or a ledger of every
Bitcoin transaction ever made to be
stored not in one place but across vast
numbers of computers that is part of
what people mean when they say bitcoin
is decentralized and decentralization
has a lot of theoretical advantages from
speed to security the key point here is
that this is a distributed ledger there
is no central server all the other
legends that we have all banking
Ledger's all company'll edges they all
sit and reside inside that company which
means they have one point of attack they
can be hacked JP Morgan was was hacked
by cyber thief's not so long ago
Home Depot target we've had all these
companies get hacked it's actually
because there's one central repository
of information the Bitcoin ledger
resides on thousands of computers you
can't hack that when you think about it
that sounds great and because of the
complicated process the network uses to
verify records it is very secure now
relax I'm not going to get into what
that process is or how it works but I
will share a really helpful really dumb
metaphor for why it is safe the way I
like to think of it is that a blockchain
is a highly processed thing sort of like
a Chicken McNugget and if you wanted to
hack it it'd be like turning a Chicken
McNugget back in
with chickens now someday someone will
be able to do that but for now it's
going to be tough hold on that is an
absolutely horrible thought so why is
that reporter so happy about the idea
because if anyone ever figures out how
to turn a Chicken McNugget back into a
chicken that chicken is going to be
up he's going to spend the rest
of his life suffering from PTSD and
writing haunting poetry about the
experience the things I saw
buck-buck-buck or my body is whole but
what of my soul so very basically that
is the blockchain a database that is
nearly impossible to hack or tamper with
and which could possibly improve
security efficiency and trust that is
why big companies like Walmart IBM and
JP Morgan haven't been experimenting
with blockchain as a way to potentially
share and secure data trend and
translation transactions in a reliable
easy to access way but it is still very
early no one yet knows what blockchain
is really capable of honestly don't
worry if you still don't understand it
most people don't dan thinks he does and
sure he'll throw around terms like
supply chain management and it makes me
want to punch him in his face
stop leaving printouts of reddit threads
on my desk Dan you know I'm just
throwing them away I am you the problem
is there is no enough excitement around
the very word blockchain that has become
a magnet for investment reuters found
that existing companies that merely
added the word blockchain to their name
saw their stock price on average
increase more than three folds and one
of them was particularly dumb Long
Island iced tea renamed themselves long
blockchain and guess what happens yeah
their stock tripled
Wow I'm just gonna say it to people who
watch markets this seems so stupid it's
not even worth reporting yeah well I
don't care how stupid it is it clearly
works that is why from now on this show
will be called last bit tonight with
blockchain even triple the ratings
triple take that too
so so now at this point you know
basically what bitcoin is it's the
future bro and why people are excited
about blockchain it won't let people
chicken up your nugs but you might still
be wondering well what about all the
other cryptocurrencies that I've heard
about okay well the key software to
create a coin is open source meaning
that just about anyone can create one so
they have done that there are now over
1500 cryptocurrencies that you can buy
with names like tits coin trump coin
jesus coin insane coin electro neum wax
particle deep onion snow vo pluton new
bits and clams a list so insane that you
can't tell which ones are real and which
are made up because they're all real I
didn't make any up I tried to come up
with a dumb name than deep onion and it
just can't be done and look not all of
these coins are like Bitcoin just hoping
to be the next currency often times
startup companies will sell a coin to
try and raise money as an alternative to
issuing stock and sometimes those coins
are meant as tokens to be used for
services that the startup might
eventually provide kind of like the
tokens at Chucky Cheese only virtual and
not redeemable at a rat based food
emporium
it has become incredibly easy to issue
coins so companies are doing it a lot
initial coin offerings or icos raised
over six billion dollars in 2017 with
one company raising thirty five million
in under 30 seconds normally when
someone makes that much money that fast
they did it by walking up to Bill
O'Reilly sitting in silence for 26
seconds and then saying I recorded our
phone calls but but the vast majority of
people buying these coins are not paying
much attention to the details of the
startups they're attached to Theatre is
responding to the huge fervor and there
is a lot of it there was an entire
online subculture of YouTube
personalities and subreddits that have a
cult-like devotion to buying these coins
and if you stumble into one you'll find
they have a whole shorthand one key term
is Hodel based on a misspelling of holes
this is a foundational principle don't
sell when prices drop instead
Hodel in the face of food fear
uncertainty and doubt otherwise you
might miss out when the coin moons or
rockets up in value meaning you'll get
rekt or lose money and never be able to
afford the traders ultimate goal a Lambo
which is short for Lamborghini because
of course it is and if you are
thinking that these terms belong in a
rap video some crypto traders agree
I ain't got time for the haters man we
about to grow to a million
tell me how you down with the cool and
I've got to be honest there it is hard
not to watch that and deep down one to
be in the Hodel gang Hodel gang Hodel
gang Hodel gang the point is many people
are buying coins for no reason other
than that other people are buying them
and this mania has gotten to the point
where even a coin started as a complete
joke like dogecoin can rock it up in
value it's named after an internet meme
that was popular at the time a photo of
shiba inu with colorful comments written
in broken english around it as you can
see now dodge coins
total market value has almost doubled
since the start of this year to over two
billion dollars there appear to be no
obvious reasons for this yeah that's
because there were no obvious reasons
the whole point of the coin was to make
fun of how people will buy anything and
then people did exactly that that is no
less ridiculous than if you started a
joke band after the beatles called the
waffles that was all st. Bernard's and
they went on to have 40 number-one hits
and one knighted by the Queen this is
clearly ridiculous but for investors
it's also potentially dangerous because
right now this market is essentially the
Wild West and ripe for exploitation for
instance it can be easy to manipulate
the value of certain coins through
things like pump and dump schemes
regulators crackdown on those when they
happen with stocks but they've been
slower to act in the crypto market and
that may explain where some groups have
felt perfectly comfortable posting
videos like this welcome to crypto calls
a leading crypto currency pump room
where we skyrocket the value of coins
for six hours at a time for information
about our weekly pumps including the
the point we are pumping follow our
telegram channel once released be sure
to buy the coin as quickly as possible
and everyone in the group has purchased
the coin we will begin advertising it to
other investors on social media during
the final hour outside investors will
fill our orders as they follow into the
coin that we have increased in value
1000 to 2000 percent by the time the 4-6
hours is up everyone in our group will
have sold for props crypto calls
together we profit holy it's kind
of destabilizing just a brazen
advertisement for something that you
could have sworn was illegal it's like
watching a commercial and hearing hey do
you not have a child do you want
somebody else's then kidnappers corner
is the group for you here a kidnappers
corner we take children that are not
ours and bring them home with us it's
easy-peasy toddler cz and look pumpkin
dumps are just the beginning here there
are dodgy companies everywhere some of
which just look like old school frauds
with some crypto sauce poured on top
take a bit connect at one point it was
worth around three billion dollars now
big connect told investors that if they
handed over money they could get returns
as high as 40% a month and a rate of
return that high may immediately seem
suspicious to you but remember the
market was soaring and picking X had
excited investors like this guy who
spoke at one of the conferences
[Music]
let me tell you that we are really
changing the world as we know it the
world is not anymore the way used to be
no no because
[Music]
I
[Applause]
yes the last time I saw someone that
irrationally exuberant about a major
commitment he was roughly seven years
away from divorcing Katie Holmes yeah I
don't blame him for anything there he's
got a good head on his shoulders you
stay clear Tommy stay clear my boy
now that man that man's passion has
become famous in the crypto world as
well as his conviction that the business
he become involved in was 100% legit
this was gonna be a scam again then I
said to myself in thousand Dossett ding
you're right on her you know Taylor
Oh women I'm all right always nagging
you not to get sucked into
get-rich-quick schemes leaving your
marriage in the state of financial ruin
now this will not surprise you big
connect essentially collapsed regulators
in two States issued cease and desist
orders and bit connection reporters
who've been labeled a Ponzi scheme by
many in the industry something nobody
had any reason to suspect from their
promotional material except that it
featured this actual illustration of
their bonus system which seems to just
be a picture of a man coming up with the
idea for a pyramid scheme I am NOT
saying that every crypto poin is a scam
just as I'm not saying that every
blockchain company is what I am
saying is in a speculative mania it can
be incredibly hard to tell which
companies are for real and if you want a
good example of this just look at block
one it's a start-up whose coin offering
has so far raised one and a half billion
dollars which will go toward developing
a new type of software project called
Yost now just for context it took
Facebook seven years to raise a billion
dollars from investors it took over five
years Yost surpassed that in around nine
months and that is despite the fact the
Wall Street Journal described block one
as a software startup
that doesn't plan to sell any software
and describes what it's certainly a
digital token is having no purpose and
while the company's sister Els will be
the most powerful infrastructure for
decentralized applications which they
say will be usable it it hasn't lost yet
so you sort of just have to take their
word for it and they do talk a big game
everything will be better faster and
cheaper
everything will be more connected
everything will be more trustworthy
everything will be more secure
everything that exists is no longer
going to exist in the way that it does
today everything in this world is about
to get better
oh please douche everything that exists
will no longer exist in the way that it
does how the is Yoast going to
change this iguana how is how is a OS
going to both alter and improve Susan
here
Susan is enough now now that that sleepy
creepy cowboy from the future is named
Brock Pierce he began his career
appearing in The Mighty Ducks and in
gushes a gaseous commercial as a child
who turns into a banana
well that that banana then got involved
with some very unsavory figures just
Google Brock Pierce scandal is all I'm
saying there and then he teamed up with
yokes to help promote their not yet a
product he actually gave a speech at a
tech conference last fall and I want you
to remember as you listen to every word
he's about to say the company he's
describing has raised 1.5 billion
dollars this is a chesty he'd ruin that
I'm wearing which is the logo of Eos the
chesty he'd rune is the sacred
geometrical shape of the heart and if
you're gonna bring a technology to the
world that has the potential to change
everything it's good when you do it with
intention and that seems like a good
place to begin this was my wedding at
Burning Man last year
an entirely unicorn wedding all the
groomsmen wear the color of the rainbow
plus pink all the bridesmaids the color
of the rainbow plus pink and my best man
was a woman dressed in black cracking
away okay stop Brock stop because I was
already out at Chester he drew and I
simply refuse to believe that a man who
has the time to organize a unicorn
wedding at Burning Man should be trusted
around one and a half billion dollars if
someone turned up to mow your lawn and
gave you that exact speech he would tell
them no way I don't trust you with my
lawn he's just gonna organize a warlock
quinceanera on it look look here is the
thing at the start of this piece I said
that I didn't want to make predictions
and who knows maybe eoqs is going to be
the next Google I don't think it is and
I certainly don't think it can be worth
over a billion dollars at this point but
I could be wrong I'm absolutely not but
I could be the point is if you choose to
invest in the cryptocurrency space just
know that you're not investing you're
gambling which is fine but you should
know that that is what you're doing and
prices do go down Bitcoin could
eventually be worthless or it could be
worth billions and adopted as a new
global currency although if that does
happen I for one will not experience it
because I'll be in an underground bunker
trying to avoid Dan's smug little face
for the rest of time I hate your belts
more than anything else in that photo
the important thing to remember here is
that this is a brand new very
complicated space and literally nobody
knows how it's going to develop so you
need to be careful and I know that
sounds boring
caution is a tough sell when you're up
against bit connect and hold or gap
which is why I have invited a special
guest to help make that message a little
more exciting
[Applause]
I really so grill right now to be saying
this super excited honking don't imagine
my moment with all of you because
tonight we're going to be talking about
okay you've got to tell me more about
this responsibility did this mean I
shouldn't just throw everything I own
into cryptocurrencies now it's raion
that's right I shouldn't know the crypto
market is extremely volatile and
insufficiently regulated they talk they
don't if they pumping down the puppet of
their company
popping it and double it in the W and
their permanent issue they've opened up
and they pumping it dumping they dumping
a puff all the time and they don't yes
that's right the belt yep listen upbeat
design chuckle coins investing in crypto
could be like getting in on Google on
the ground
[Applause]
when you say that that that sounds
absolutely great it could be like
getting in on Google glass on the ground
floor and that's what not to be and one
story did that was a single that was a
single story so let's break this down
what is the big lesson never invest
anymore that you are willing to lose and
if you do don't just blindly hot okay
instead you have to be extremely careful
okay how to betray us Todd playful game
okay
[Applause]